Installation docs (#1796)
solo-io/gloo-mesh: docs/content/setup/installation/enterprise_installation.md

{{% /notice %}}

In a typical deployment, Gloo Mesh Enterprise uses a single Kubernetes cluster to host the management plane while each service mesh can run on its own independent cluster.
This document describes how to install the Gloo Mesh Enterprise management plane components with both `meshctl` and Helm. 

> We recommend using Helm for installing Gloo Mesh to your production environment as it offers rich customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using Helm to install Gloo Mesh in a production environment as it offers rich customization.
```

You can also choose to use your own internal PKI to create and assign certificates to Gloo Mesh Enterprise. At a minimum, you would need the certificate chain to your PKI root CA, a server certificate for relay server communication, and a signing certificate the relay server can use to generate relay agent certificates. Please refer to your PKI documentation for more information.

## Getting started with RateLimiting and External Authentication

{{% notice note %}}
Rate limiting and Extauth were introduced with **Gloo Mesh Enterprise**, release `v1.1.0`.
If you are using an earlier version, these features will not be available.
{{% /notice %}}

To get started using rate limiting and external authentication, you can enable these features in the `gloo-mesh` namespace. This

> is **not** the recommended setup for using ratelimit and external authentication in a deployment environment, but

Reviewer 2: Maybe "... in a secure production environment" or "in a non-demo environment"?

is a quick way to get started testing the features. Follow the [recommended setup of rate limiting and external authentication]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/setup/installation/recommended_setup/" %}})
for the best practice setup environment.

For demo setup, we will use a single namespace, `gloo-mesh`, for our management plane (the gloo mesh server and agents) and
the data plane components (Ratelimit and ExtAuth). 
This is not recommended for non-demo purposes as the injection directive on the namespace makes the 
management plane components dependent on the functionality of Istio’s mutating webhook and is not recommended as best practice.

There are two steps install Gloo Mesh with Ratelimit and Extauth enabled in the same namespace:

- Install the Gloo Mesh Enterprise chart with the RateLimit and/or ExtAuth enabled to `gloo-mesh` namespace.
- Label the `gloo-mesh` namespace for istio injection.

> RateLimit and/or ExtAuth are disabled by default on installation. They can be enabled via helm as follows:

Reviewer 2: I think we can drop the or, as both are disabled by default.

```suggestion
RateLimit and ExtAuth are disabled by default on installation. They can be enabled via helm as follows:
```

## Getting started with RateLimiting and External Authentication

{{% notice note %}}
Rate limiting and Extauth were introduced with **Gloo Mesh Enterprise**, release `v1.1.0`.
If you are using an earlier version, these features will not be available.
{{% /notice %}}

To get started using rate limiting and external authentication, you can enable these features in the `gloo-mesh` namespace. This
is **not** the recommended setup for using ratelimit and external authentication in a secure production environment, but
is a quick way to get started testing the features. Follow the [recommended setup of rate limiting and external authentication]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/setup/installation/recommended_setup/" %}})
for the best practice setup environment.

For demo setup, we will use a single namespace, `gloo-mesh`, for our management plane (the gloo mesh server and agents) and
the data plane components (Ratelimit and ExtAuth). 
This is not recommended for non-demo purposes as the injection directive on the namespace makes the 
management plane components dependent on the functionality of Istio’s mutating webhook and is not recommended as best practice.

> There are two steps install Gloo Mesh with Ratelimit and Extauth enabled in the same namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two steps to install Gloo Mesh with Ratelimit and Extauth enabled in the same namespace:
```

> - Install the Gloo Mesh Enterprise chart with the RateLimit and/or ExtAuth enabled to `gloo-mesh` namespace.
> - Label the `gloo-mesh` namespace for istio injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Gloo Mesh Enterprise chart with the RateLimit and/or ExtAuth enabled to `gloo-mesh` namespace.
2. Label the `gloo-mesh` namespace for istio injection.
```
